Tutorial updates with recent PRs + feedback from collaboration meeting (#406)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/troubleshooting-faqs/code-questions.rst

6. **Are there any examples or tutorials available?**
    - Answer: Yes, you can check our :ref:`roadmap <roadmap>` for tutorials related to different POSYDON components, including population synthesis, creating core datasets, and running your own MESA grids with POSYDON.

7. **Can I run POSYDON on an HPC facility?**
    - Answer: Absolutely! Refer to `our HPC guide <../tutorials-examples/population-synthesis/pop_syn.ipynb>`_ for detailed instructions on running POSYDON in an HPC environment.

8. **Help, I'm stuck! Where can I get support?**
    - Please check `our email group <https://groups.google.com/g/posydon-users>`_ if your question hasn't been answered yet.
    Otherwise, please email us at posydon-users [at] googlegroups.com 

9. **How can I stay updated with the latest features and updates?**
    - Answer: You can regularly visit our `official website <https://posydon.org>`_ for news and updates. 

10. **I've come across a FAILED binary. What does this mean?**
    - Answer: A FAILED binary is one that has encountered an error during the simulation due to the default flow and steps of POSYDON being unable to evolve them.

>     This can be due to a variety of reasons:

Reviewer: Maybe add "This can be due to a variety of reasons, _for example:_ " just because it could fail for other reasons too (like the diff eqs couldn't be solved in scipy or something)

Author: Implemented.

    
    - The evolutionary state of the binary is not represented in the currently supported stellar evolution grids. 
    For example, we do not have a grid for Roche lobe overflow between two helium stars.
    - The binary has masses outside the grid range. For example, the HMS-HMS grid does not contain binaries with a secondary mass below 0.5.
    - The binary could not be matched to single star or a binary due to a too large matching error.

10. **What approximations does POSYDON make?**
    This is a complex question and the best location to look at would be the POSYDON paper(s).
    However, some of the approximations are:

>     - The evolution of a merger product is approximated by a non-rotating single star, although we record the spin of the merger product.

Reviewer: Maybe remove this and just say to look at the paper (and maybe include links to the papers)? Is there a reason we include this one example?

Author: Changed to links with the papers :)

    
    As such, 5GB per CPU is a better starting point. This allows you to keep more binaries in memory and increases the speed of the population synthesis run.
    The figure below can be used to fine-tune your memory usage.
    It shows the memory usage of two large population synthesis runs with a 7GB and a 8GB limit with a :code:`dump_rate` of 8000 and 10.000 binaries respectively.

    .. image:: ./large_pop_runs_memory.png
        :alt: Memory usage of two large population synthesis runs.
        :width: 700px
    
    The memory usage of the 8000 :code:`dump_rate` run is stable at around 6GB, while the 10.000 :code:`dump_rate` run is stable at around 6.8GB.

4. **What should the walltime and job array size be for my population synthesis run?**

    The :code:`walltime`` and job array size are dependent on the number of binaries you want to simulate and the memory usage of the simulation.
    The job array size should be set such that the number of binaries per job is at least 1000, since there's a minimum overhead per job due to loading the grids.
    
    The :code:`walltime` depends on the number of binaries per job, where each binary takes about 1-2 seconds to run.

>     For example, with 100.000 binaries split over 100 jobs (per metallicity), means that every job runs 1.000 binaries. This will take around 33 minutes per job. So a :code:`walltime` of `00:45:00` is reasonable.

Reviewer 2: Why "1.000 binary" instead of "1.000 binaries"?

>     For example, with 100.000 binaries split over 100 jobs (per metallicity), means that every job runs 1.000 binaries. This will take around 33 minutes per job. So a :code:`walltime` of `00:45:00` is reasonable.

Author: "which" added.

    .. note::
        The processing time increases if you make the `dump_rate` too low due to many I/O operations.

5. **I am unable to open HDF5 files created by POSYDON. What should I do?**
    
    If you're on a Mac, there might be an issue with the HDF5 installation.
    Make sure you have the `hdf5` and `pytables` packages installed through conda in your environment with `conda install hdf5 pytables` before running POSYDON!
    Although they are dependencies of POSYDON, sometimes they're not installed correctly on Mac.

6. **Are there any examples or tutorials available?**
    - Answer: Yes, you can check our :ref:`roadmap <roadmap>` for tutorials related to different POSYDON components, including population synthesis, creating core datasets, and running your own MESA grids with POSYDON.

7. **Can I run POSYDON on an HPC facility?**
    - Answer: Absolutely! Refer to `our HPC guide <../tutorials-examples/population-synthesis/pop_syn.ipynb>`_ for detailed instructions on running POSYDON in an HPC environment.

8. **How can I stay updated with the latest features and updates?**

>     - Answer: You can regularly visit our `official website <https://posydon.org>`_ for news and updates. Also, consider subscribing to our mailing list.

Reviewer 2: Here we should add instructions, how to subscribe to the mailing list, or link to them.

9. **I've come across a FAILED binary. What does this mean?**
    - Answer: A FAILED binary is one that has encountered an error during the simulation due to the default flow and steps of POSYDON being unable to evolve them.
    This can be due to a variety of reasons:
    

>     - The evolutionary state of the binary does not have appropriate grids. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The evolutionary state of the binary is not represented by the currently supported stellar evolution grids. 
```

    For example, we do not have a grid for Roche lobe overflow between two helium stars.
    - The binary has masses outside the grid range. For example, the HMS-HMS grid does not contain binaries with a secondary mass below 0.5.
    - The binary could not be matched to single star or a binary due to a too large matching error.

10. **What approximations does POSYDON make?**
    This is a complex question and the best location to look at would be the POSYDON paper(s).
    However, some of the approximations are:

>     - The evolution of a merger product is approximated by a non-rotating single star.

Reviewer 3: This is different in v2 right? We match to a rotating (omega/omega_c = 0.4) model now?

Reviewer 2: No, rotating models aren't part of the v2 dataset.

Author: Additional sub-sentence added.
